Allow for .package(url: , branch:) syntax (#3292)
apple/swift-package-manager: CHANGELOG.md

Note: This is in reverse chronological order, so newer entries are added to the top.

Swift v.Next
-----------
* [#2937]
   * Improvements
   

>    Adding a dependency requirement can now be done with the convenience initializer .package(url: , branch:)

Reviewer: Nit:  I suggest backticks around the code so it gets styled differently.

> * [#2937]
>    * Improvements
>    
>    Adding a dependency requirement can now be done with the convenience initializer `.package(url: , branch:)`

Reviewer 2: Couple minor edits: we want to use the correct PR number and write change details as punctuated sentences. 😉

```suggestion
* [#3292]
   Adding a dependency requirement can now be done with the convenience initializer `.package(url: , branch:)`.
```

Author: Oh I see what happened, I wanted make sure the styling was the same so I just copied a section then proceeded to never update the PR number 😅.
